friend
scion we are going in main skywork and
it turns out that I get in and there are new maps and
have put I think there are three maps
new Christmas this Christmas
I think two others is in the area
the first time I was going to record but it was
he forgot he had the helmets unplugged
and the cattle but good things that usually
pass when you do not record you get a good
starting now and I will not shit
I know where the chest is here
I wanted to show you the new maps but
others also after this one imagine
that if I have time I will go up today all
someone is coming
in someone yes yes yes yes someone is coming
I hear it very close or I do not know
let's go up
what bothers me more or less
bridges made here there is a mini park
there are two on that island so I'm going to
wait
to prey
did you do
the system
hello everyone
I was all day
your things this I want too
my mother, my mother what I had
damn block that you see
there we have one that was next to the
another game had if they were 16 apples
gold male
I am a bank in the parkour
so it probably takes time
I had 30 nobody
the myth
I do not want anyone to take it
careful we have to be careful because
yes that we can come someone yes
he tells us because there is no need to do
bridges
we will get to see if you do not realize
care
we are seven still
since he wanted me
hi friends
this day
do not eat you apple dead man
rotated and just that I thought I had
here Laura care we are in a place
very bad
what interested
If I can throw it out, it's worth
you know guys you have to clean the
Inventory
I grimaced at the forces that I have I am very
still
unless they pull me I think of
another way I do not die
and we were 3
that stings the decoration
to see where they are
It's worth 1 I see you there in between
and the other one I do not know
I imagine it will be on the other side
I hope it is not like that
and I take advantage of guys to congratulate the
Christmas we are at 23 tomorrow is
poinsettia so I hope that
a good day with your loved ones
in the middle
of the fuck
You are going to kill me like that
and this one where he has gotten
over here where it has been sold
or not
this has gone down
how can we go to the middle in a way
sure you did 'not waiting for us
and the other I do not know where the other
has died
only yes he was so sure that the
parkour my mother
hello friends but let's start in
serious
arrow of leds with more desire
it's complicated
I will tell you that no
let's try to go as fast as
we can
For this
come on
my friend
friend
hi friends
here I am here
he crossed over here jumping out of the mess of
the Ville
gift of the delivered
to the forum without problems good guys
I hope you liked the game
what I said merry christmas to all
I hope to upload another video with the new ones
maps when I can worth I do not promise anything
there are favorites
here